Added example of multiple conditions (#474)
ansible/ansible-rulebook: docs/conditions.rst

which can be used in action.

    .. note::

>         Note that in this case the engine will consider **all the different events** until meet the conditions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Note that in this case the engine will consider **all the different events** until the conditions are met,
```

          debug:

    .. note::

>         Note that in this case the engine will consider **all the different events** until one of then meets one of the condition,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Note that in this case the engine will consider **all the different events** until one of them meets one of the conditions,
```
